So you did it for that 500,000
Yes
But he only said at the time that he would borrow you to leave the country
Money won't shoot you
That was all.
You hurt me with your own hands
Sorry to you.
I just needed the money so badly.
Will be blinded by interests
You are my best friend and I don't want to lie to you anymore.
Even if you hit me, you can scold me
I don't even accept being my friend anymore
Stop talking nonsense
You just tell me what you're going to do
Xu Jinchuan wants to stop your company from going public
That was him?
That's right, that's him.
Then why did he do it?
You were so nice to him
Hmm, that's a good question to ask
I don't know.
The company is going public soon
And I will not let that happen.
I'm going to ask him myself
Why are you doing this to me?
I have a way